general-2,Basic Controls
general-1,Fiama's Lesson
general-3,Adventure Tips
general-FAQ,FAQ
game-,$Guide 【Gameplay】
game-attribute,Attributes
game-condition,Conditions
game-party_ability,Using Abilities
game-item,Items and Equipment
game-identify,Unidentified Items
game-tool,Various Tools
game-craft,Crafting and Processing
game-recipe,Learning Recipes
game_base-,$Guide 【Base】
game_base-livestock,Residents and Livestock
game_base-policy,Policies and Home Skills
game_base-elec,Electricity
game_base-civility,Civility
game-,$Guide 【Utility】
game-autocombat,Auto-Combat
game-item_search,Searching Item
game-autodump,Auto-Dump
game-mark_important,Marking Important Item
game-equip_set,Equipment Set
game-auto_bed,Automatic Bed Usage
game-advanced_menu,Advanced Menu
system-1,$Guide 【System】
system-backup,Restoring Backup
custom-1,$Custom Contents
custom-map,Custom Map
custom-replace,Replacing Textures
custom-terms2,User Content Terms of Use
custom-terms,Uploader Terms of Use
other-,$Credits
credits-2,Developers
credits-1,Resources
other-fanwork,Fan Fictions and Streaming
other-gallery,About the Gallery
